Add note that hooks need to be reset separately (#1350)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/rtk-query/api/created-api/cache-management-utils.mdx

A Redux action creator that can be dispatched to manually reset the api state completely. This will immediately remove all existing cache entries, and all queries will be considered 'uninitialized'.

> Note that [hooks](./hooks.mdx) have their own state that is not affected by `resetApiState`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that [hooks](./hooks.mdx) also track state in local component state and might not fully be reset by `resetApiState`.
```
